---
layout: post
title:  Project - DTU Farewell 2020
tags:
- dtu
- farewell
- demo
- Post
---


  

<h1  id="heading1">DTU Farewell 2020</h1>

<p>I graduated from Delhi Technological University in 2020. If you still remember, that was the first year of the Covid-19 Pandemic. There was a lockdown all over the world, and things in New Delhi were not going any better. In normal times, we have a farewell party in our university consisting of Dance, music and everyone writing short farewell messages on each other's tshirts. These messages are called scribbles.</p>
<p>
With everything going Online, and our colleges being shut down, I along with my friends decided to make a website and try to replicate what we do in an offline farewell. We created a social media website for our farewell in a few days, built on <b>PHP Codeigniter framework and Mysql database</b> and launched it to our batch of more than 2000 students.
</p>
<h3>Features</h3>
<ol>
<li> Scribble Wall
Each user has their own profiles on which other users can post their scribbles. Each scribble has a like functionality as well.
<li>DTU Photowall</li>
A common place for everyone to upload their memories of college. Everyone can see those and miss the beautiful 4 years they spent in the university.
<li>2 Truths and 1 Lie</li>
A game where every user puts in three statements on their profiles, and others come and vote to find which one of them is a lie
<li>Give a Title</li>
People can give other users a title, and everyone can like titles posted by others. It can be some funny memory associated with them.
<li>Profile page</li>
Each user can set their yearbook quote, display photo and their batch

  

<hr  />

  <h2 >Code</h2>
The code is closed source at the moment. We plan to host this as a paid service in future for universities. Do get in touch with me to learn about any implementation we did in detail.

<h2  id="media">Video Demo</h2>
 
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/H9KZO6ec8mU" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


  
